Ti cloud v2.7.1 (#39784)
demisto/content: Packs/ReversingLabs_Titanium_Cloud/ReleaseNotes/2_7_1.md

#### Integrations
##### ReversingLabs TitaniumCloud v2

> - Updated the ***url*** command:
>   - Updated the human-readable response it can exclude the "Statistics" section if it is not present in the API response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated the human-readable response in the ***url*** command so that the "Statistics" section can be excluded if it is not present in the API response.
```
To fit XSAOR standards
